website/docs.md, before:

_just: title: Docs
# _just Docs
Welcome to Just an Ultimate Site Tool documentation!
-# "**`_just`**" is an abbreviation of **Just an Ultimate Site Tool**.
---
## What is _just?
Just an Ultimate Site Tool is a GitHub Action for building static websites. 
Currently it have 4 modes: 
- `Postprocessor`: Modify and add your own files to generated Next.js website.
- `Redirector`: Client-side redirect using JavaScript.
- `Compressor`: Compresses your website.
- `Generator`: Generates documentation website using Markdown.

> [!WARNING] Just an Ultimate Site Tool is in **beta**. Expect regular updates, possible bugs, and changes. If you have found a bug, please [report it here](https://github.com/js-just/_just/issues/new?labels=bug&template=bug.md).
> [!TIP] Do not use `Redirector` if you can make server-side `HTTP 3XX` redirects.

## Why _just?
1. __No packages.__
2. __Fast build.__
3. __**No watermarks.**__
-# _just uses Node.js, but _just does not require you to use Node.js/npm/pnpm/Yarn/related packages stuff.

_just: next: /docs/getting-started

Commit message:

(docs) currently it actually in alpha

website/docs.md, after:

_just: title: Docs
# _just Docs
Welcome to Just an Ultimate Site Tool documentation!
-# "**`_just`**" is an abbreviation of **Just an Ultimate Site Tool**.
---
## What is _just?
Just an Ultimate Site Tool is a GitHub Action for building static websites. 
Currently it have 4 modes: 
- `Postprocessor`: Modify and add your own files to generated Next.js website.
- `Redirector`: Client-side redirect using JavaScript.
- `Compressor`: Compresses your website.
- `Generator`: Generates documentation website using Markdown.

> [!WARNING] Just an Ultimate Site Tool is in **alpha**. Expect regular updates, possible bugs, and changes. If you have found a bug, please [report it here](https://github.com/js-just/_just/issues/new?labels=bug&template=bug.md).
> [!CAUTION] The docs are under construction!
> [!TIP] Do not use `Redirector` if you can make server-side `HTTP 3XX` redirects.

## Why _just?
1. __No packages.__
2. __Fast build.__
3. __**No watermarks.**__
-# _just uses Node.js, but _just does not require you to use Node.js/npm/pnpm/Yarn/related packages stuff.

_just: next: /docs/getting-started
